Updating README with step-by-step build instructions v2 (#4560)
xapi-project/xen-api: README.markdown

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/xapi-project/xen-api && cd xen-api
    ```

3) Figure out what version of ocaml-base-compiler to use.

    - Go to [this xs-opam file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/xapi-project/xs-opam/master/tools/xs-opam-ci.env), and look for "OCAML_VERSION_FULL"
    - Run that line, i.e:

        ```bash
        export OCAML_VERSION_FULL="4.10.1"
        ```

4) Setup opam, with your Enviornment (i.e switch).

    ```bash
    opam init
    opam switch create xen-api ocaml-base-compiler.$OCAML_VERSION_FULL
    # This basically "jumps you into" the enviornment you just created:
    eval $(opam env --switch=xen-api --set-switch)
    ```

5) Get the Recommended Packages.

    ```bash
    # Add the xs-opam library as the main repo to check for versions at:
    opam repo add xs-opam https://github.com/xapi-project/xs-opam.git
    # Remove the default, because how it handles version conflicts is different:
    opam repo remove default
    # (NOT needed with opam>=2.1.0) Have opam now figure out what versions of each package to use:
    opam pin --yes add . --no-action
    ```

6) Install all the Packages.

    ```bash

>     PACKAGES="xapi-cli-protocol xapi-client xapi-consts xapi-database xapi-datamodel xapi-types xapi xe xen-api-sdk xen-api-client xen-api-client-lwt xen-api-client-async xapi-rrdd xapi-rrdd-plugin xapi-rrd-transport xapi-rrd-transport-utils rrd-transport rrdd-plugin rrdd-plugins rrddump gzip http-svr pciutil safe-resources sexpr stunnel uuid xapi-compression xml-light2 zstd vhd-tool xs-toolstack"
> 
>     # NOT needed with opam>=2.1.0) Install all the dependances (Including OS):
>     opam --yes depext --yes -u $PACKAGES # The first '--yes' is to install depext itself
>     # Install the Packages finally:
>     opam install $PACKAGES --yes --deps-only --with-test -v
>     # Update the current switch. (You're already on the correct one, just refresh it).
>     eval $(opam env)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # NOT needed with opam>=2.1.0) Install all the dependances (Including OS):
    opam -depext --yes -u xs-toolstack
    # Build and install all the xen-api daemons and their dependencies:
    opam install --with-test xs-toolstack
```
This is works as well and won't need to maintain the list of packages.

It works because xs-toolstack is an empty package that depends on all the code generated here
